Ah, you're so evil and you want to go
What do you lunatics want to do?
take
Let go of me
sin
Dad, it's okay
You still have me and Lu Ming
And me and my Uncle Li
Chutang and I are good friends
It's also your half daughter
Ok ok ok
All good boys
Chu Tang Lu Mingtian, you have received the certificate
See Dragon King? Hmm.
What are you doing here without taking him to heal?
Sister Zhao is injured
Let him get up first
Life Dragon King, I want to release you left and right to reform
Please promise me regardless of the past
Your Majesty, why are you so fierce?
In the future, Sister Zhao and Sister Han
From now on we will all live together
How lively it is
And they can also protect us
So many people can't live there
Then let's move to Jiangnan to live, yeah, hahaha.